Fixes to `nucypher worklock` (#1655)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/worklock_guide.rst

==================

> NuCypher CLI Guide

Author: ```suggestion
WorkLock CLI Guide
```
oopsie

=======================

Overview
--------

> TODO

Reviewer: You can probably reuse some text from https://blog.nucypher.com/the-worklock/.

To better understand the commands and their options, use the ``--help`` option.

Common CLI flags
----------------

All ``nucypher worklock`` commands share a similar structure:

.. code::

    (nucypher)$ nucypher worklock <ACTION> [OPTIONS] --network <NETWORK> --provider <YOUR PROVIDER URI> --poa

TODO

Replace ``<YOUR PROVIDER URI>`` with a valid node web3 node provider string, for example:

    - ``ipc:///home/ubuntu/.ethereum/goerli/geth.ipc`` - Geth Node on Görli testnet running under user ``ubuntu`` (most probably that's what you need).

Show current WorkLock information
---------------------------------

> You can obtain information of current state of WorkLock by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain information about the current state of WorkLock by running:
```

.. code::

    (nucypher)$ nucypher worklock status --network <NETWORK> --provider <YOUR PROVIDER URI> --poa

> If you want to see detailed information of your current bid, you can also introduce your bidder address with the ``--bidder-address`` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to see detailed information about your current bid, you can specify your bidder address with the ``--bidder-address`` flag:
```

.. code::

    (nucypher)$ nucypher worklock status --bidder-address <YOUR BIDDER ADDRESS> --network <NETWORK> --provider <YOUR PROVIDER URI> --poa

Place a bid
-----------

You can place a bid to WorkLock by running:

.. code::

    (nucypher)$ nucypher worklock bid --network <NETWORK> --provider <YOUR PROVIDER URI> --poa

Cancel a bid
------------

> You can cancel a bid to WorkLock by running:

Reviewer 2: Maybe add something about when cancel is ok (before claiming)?

.. code::

    (nucypher)$ nucypher worklock cancel-bid --network <NETWORK> --provider <YOUR PROVIDER URI> --poa

Claim your stake
----------------

If your bid was successful, you can claim your tokens as a stake in NuCypher:

.. code::

    (nucypher)$ nucypher worklock claim --network <NETWORK> --provider <YOUR PROVIDER URI> --poa

> Once claimed, you can check that the stake was created correctly by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once claimed, you can check that the stake was created successfully by running:
```
